Don't blame me so much
I know you're trying to coax me away by saying that
Right, Li Yue?
You don't even believe me now
I don't care.
If you choose me, you must come with me
Since you have to make such a fuss
Then I'll break up.
Pardon me?
I said goodbye.
I'll make it clear to you what else you want to do
Have you ever considered me?
If I go with you
What do these people think of me?
How can I stay in the company in the future?
Since you don't think about me so much
Then there is no need for us to continue breaking up, right?
We can't break up without breaking up
I was wrong.
I'm not thinking of you.
I listen to you.
Apologize to them immediately
I'll go home and wait
Don't break up with me, okay?
Please, honey.
I know you are wronged
But I go this way
It's also for the future of both of us
You go back and wait for me.
Let me explain it to you, okay?
Tell me well.
Wife solved it
Dear guests
Excuse me.
I disturbed Mr. Gao Yu
Why did he apologize?
Mr. Gao Yu and I have long since broken up
I just need money urgently recently
I just wanted to come and make trouble
breakup fee
Oh, why is this the little three?
Sorry.
Honey, I didn't lie to you, did I?
no.
How could you fall in love with such a three-and-four before?
Yes yes yes I am blind
How can he, a yellow-faced woman, compare to you?
Don't be angry, ok?
This woman is so shameless
Why is there such a shameless woman?
To see such a thing